hello guys this is John eat if you wanna
welcome today to episode 6 of
engineering England you can see we're
picking up a scientist nafis effort is
gonna be jealous he was a very popular
choice for a lot of you guys so you can
see a stats on the screen there as well
as a couple of contracts that we did
pick up the first one want to say as we
start ups that is just a big thank you
for your continued support on this
series it's really really awesome see
you guys enjoying I'm really enjoying
playing the games this team is actually
really really fun to use especially now
I have a full starting eleven but I want
to sit you guys an extra challenge today
we've been doing 100 likes to get
another episode tomorrow let's try and
hit 150 likes today if you guys can hit
150 likes I have episode 7 out tomorrow
and I can promise you it's going to be a
very good we're going to start to make
some big big improvements to the team
i'm going to give you guys opportunity
later to vote for which player will be
picking up next but you can see we go
into a game we're playing in Division
ten still and this guy's got a very very
solid team a very very solid full red
BPL team some big players in their
storage and also names that left
midfielder for newer for now it's just
go just forgotten now I don't know how
much sugar gaze is it sterling Rackham
sterling a pink is I don't know how much
to forget that and I've totally forgot
about commenting this goal which Daniel
Sturridge did score the player that
we're gonna pick up in the future he did
score against me a very very nice finish
there and I was like oh god what have we
done because this is only my second game
in Division ten I was like we made a big
mistake are we not ready to go in there
yet and Nazareth comes in with a head of
hair that was ridiculous cone a 3 just
don't think of him as a header of the
board to be honest just not really not
in that kind of player but a really
really solid head of there and obviously
we're still playing old gen I guess a
fee for 14 what most you guys are
playing as well i'm heading is quite
overpowered nasai I here in the new
next-gen it's not as overpowered but you
know that's only been out for her for a
couple days and I think people are still
in the honeymoon period so I'll be
interested to hear in a couple weeks
what people think about that but I could
just not score in there he had to hey it
in goal and he was just godly I just
could not finish he saving everything
after those two girls I was all over him
you can see just shot after shot chance
after chance but Lambert girls managed
to put it away there he is the finisher
in this team off the post and in the
hair could not save that and I was very
very pumped when I scored that you can
probably tell by my celebrations and
then
right after that we came on the attack
yet again this time lumber plays over
the board to Danny well but he runs in
past the defender and smashes it past
the hair and that makes it 22 and the
comeback was definitely definitely on at
this point I was seen a very very happy
with how things were looking and right
before halftime Lallana gets the ball
gets a chance with again daheia saves it
so so frustrating but look at those
stats have you ever seen such a dominant
halftime performance 15 shots nine on
target only two girls really really
surprised I couldn't go on that I don't
know how I did not but we do get the
ball in the box in the second half of
the Lana were a little bit of a touch
there to take it round the defender he
kind of just ran past and he just snuck
into the back on that and Lallana is
such a quality player in this game you
see especially layering the stuff said
how good he really really is and I'm
definitely pumped two tries in for more
than to show off a pick up or not but
he's only about ten to fifteen thousand
coins for the inform so I definitely
think I'm gonna have it go you can see
there he did he doesn't have very much
case on his card if he's only got like
70 not even 78 maybe high seventies not
80 anything came terms of pace and he's
still very fast on the ball I said with
Ricky lumber he surprised that we could
it come again working the fantasy is
injured there which is very annoying
cause you can see at the in the episode
that he does carry that injury over us
which I am not very happy about at all
this guy actually came in the attack
here right at the end of the game got a
really really nice cross that and I was
so surprised he didn't finish that
luckily green ran out grab that he then
threw the ball straight out to one of
his and plays him nearly playthrough
shall we go see that was just offside
and luckily for me it wasn't that I saw
the game finishes we do win free two
starts two wins at up to in Division
tennis we're really really happy with
that we're going to obviously playing
another game in division Tenth a little
bit later on in this episode we can see
520 points out very very awesome no
stats again done with 21 shots there so
I only had two more on target in a
second half we did did do a lot better
in terms of a
terms of shots in general and you can
see we're going to go off and make a
little bit of a change around here will
change the formation just because Ricky
Lam is in you but I need your guy's help
here I'm gonna pick up a new player who
should i pick up should i pick up Andy
Carroll all Jemaine Defoe that's going
to be my backup story we're not really
my backups tracking my new go-to
strikers you guys leave a comment just
saying Andy Carroll or leave a comment
saying jermain defoe or just devour
Carol make sure you spell it right
because it's easier for me to count my
way and I will pick up the most popular
choice at the start of the next episode
you can also see there we went off to
the club here I'll the sports sports
catalogue whatever you want to call it
and I wanted to buy a ball so I could
change change my ball and they get one
of the manchester & couple you guys
actually sent me some free gifts which
is absolutely awesome really good really
big thank you for that Anna shouts you
guys you saw on the screen it's about
like 99 contracts two of those and some
kits as well which is really awesome so
let me know guys drink that should apply
the night you know in contracts is that
kind of cheating if I do oh sure just
leave them the club let me know what you
think I don't really want to kind of
keep my way through this series I have
had some people swimming messy at saying
they could give me some players and that
they have veins already or they have
some coins they could get me but I kind
of want to do this all legit i'm
thinking i might do something special
for episode 10 that so you guys might be
able to help me out with the day you can
see Lallana again I told you he was a
beast he gets off to Florida after
humping that guy's defender and he did
score a nice nice goal there so I guess
we deserved that the hump on the
defender after that and this guy had a
very good chance i'm really really
surprised i didn't go on target at least
there but this game was definitely a lot
more in my favor but obviously we got
that goal in the second then it we got
another chance here with Danny Welbeck
he just couldn't put it away he's
definitely not the finish that finisher
that Ricky lumber is so I'm kind of a
bit annoyed of course a tricky limb but
did get injured in the second half again
while they were a chance for he just
couldn't put it away definitely think
Rickie Lambert is the surprise signing
of this team in one of the best strikers
I've used on this game but then Lallana
gets so so lucky here and gets himself a
second goal in the game on that right
wing very very good as one that's why I
want to use his cam because it's gonna
be right up there maybe we'll change
formation if I get his in phone contact
like a 4 12 and two and I can use him as
an
that would be that'd be really really
fun by obviously that's quite a few
episodes of this guy did Nick a goal but
hey i'm not sure what robbery was doing
I think I'm up to become a new
goalkeeper soon because Rob rune just
seems a little bit special at sometimes
he just does stupid things which I guess
is kind of the same as real life very
very realistic FIFA is creating the
stupid coin shop robbery doesn't matter
outlook again he just couldn't score you
just can't score just hit hit the
woodwork anytime he tried to do anything
good but a beautiful trip for a wall
there from Henderson falls to Lallana
and he is gonna pick up his hat right
this is the Lallana shows a day
fantastic work him and human Ricky Lam
by definitely recommend you guys picked
him up imagine a full Southampton team
in this game would be so so strong I'd
love to maybe build one of them in the
future especially would like is it one
Yemen they've got playing it sent amid
he's a bit of a beast in this game as
well so I think that team would be
pretty overpowered there you can see you
guys were at the end of the episode so
if you have enjoyed please be sure to
drop a like here 150 and there will be
another episode out tomorrow we'll pick
up either Andy Carroll or jermain defoe
depending on which one you guys wrote
for so thank your for watching and I
will see you guys all there and goodbye